"Freethinkers are those who are willing to use their minds without prejudice and without fearing to understand things that clash with their own customs, privileges, or beliefs. This state of mind is not common, but it is essential for right thinking; where it is absent, discussion is apt to become worse than useless." -Leo Tolstoy
"I'm a very big fan of Intelligent design for man-made things but I'm not a big fan of intelligent design for natural things." -Richard Dawkins
"Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard." -H.L. Mencken
"It's too bad that stupidity isn't painful." -Anton LaVey
"Emancipate yourself from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our minds." -Bob Marley
"A fool and his money are soon partying." -Steven Wright
"Drugs may lead to nowhere, but at least it's the scenic route." -Steven Wright
"I'd take the awe of understanding over the awe of ignorance any day." -Douglas Adams
"Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so." -Douglas Adams
"Think for yourself and question authority" -Timothy Leary
"Civilization is unbearable, but it is less unbearable at the top." -Timothy Leary
"In the information age, you don't teach philosophy as they did after feudalism. You perform it. If Aristotle were alive today he'd have a talk show." -Timothy Leary
"You're only as young as the last time you changed your mind." -Timothy Leary
"In a nation run by swine, all pigs are upward-mobile and the rest of us are fucked until we can put our acts together: Not necessarily to Win, but mainly to keep from Losing Completely." -Hunter S. Thompson
"The towers are gone now, reduced to bloody rubble, along with all hopes for Peace in Our Time, in the United States or any other country. Make no mistake about it: We are At War now— with somebody— and we will stay At War with that mysterious Enemy for the rest of our lives." -Hunter S. Thompson
"I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me." -Hunter S. Thompson
"Myths and legends die hard in America. We love them for the extra dimension they provide, the illusion of near-infinite possibility to erase the narrow confines of most men's reality. Weird heroes and mould-breaking champions exist as living proof to those who need it that the tyranny of the rat race is not yet final." -Hunter S. Thompson
"I wonder whether any other generation has seen such astounding revolutions of data and values as those through which we have lived. Scarcely anything material or established which I was brought up to believe was permanent and vital, has lasted. Everything I was sure or taught to be sure was impossible, has happened." -Winston Churchill
"The truth is incontrovertible. Panic may resent it, ignorance may deride it, malice may distort it, but there it is." -Winston Churchill
"Many forms of Government have been tried, and will be tried in this world of sin and woe. No one pretends that democracy is perfect or all-wise. Indeed, it has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time" -Winston Churchill
"It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg." -Thomas Jefferson
"The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."  -Thomas Jefferson
"When fascism comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross." -Sinclair Lewis
"Enjoy every sandwich." -Warren Zevon
"Great eaters and great sleepers are incapable of anything else that is great." -Henry IV of France
"It's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato." -Lewis Grizzard
"Sleep 'til you're hungry; eat 'til you're sleepy." -Anonymous
"Hunger is the best sauce in the world." -Cervantes
"Part of the secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside." -Mark Twain
"The trouble with eating Italian food is that five or six days later you're hungry again." -George Miller
"To the old saying that man built the house but woman made of it a 'home' might be added the modern supplement that woman accepted cooking as a chore but man has made of it a recreation." -Emily Post
"Great restaurants are, of course, nothing but mouth-brothels.  There is no point in going to them if one intends to keep one's belt buckled." -Frederic Raphael
"Religion is based, I think, primarily and mainly upon fear. It is partly the terror of the unknown and partly, as I have said, the wish to feel that you have a kind of elder brother who will stand by you in all your troubles and disputes....A good world needs knowledge, kindliness, and courage; it does not need a regretful hankering after the past or a fettering of the free intelligence by the words uttered long ago by ignorant men." -Bertrand Russell
"Every hour wounds, the last one kills." -Anonymous
"All we have to believe with is our senses, the tools we use to perceive the world: our sight, our touch, our memory. If they lie to us, then nothing can be trusted. And even if we do not believe, then we still cannot travel in any other way than the road our senses show us; and we must walk that road to the end." -Neil Gaiman, American Gods
"There is not one redeeming feature in our superstition of Christianity. It has made one half the world fools, and the other half hypocrites"." -Thomas Jefferson
"Perhaps the chicken is just the egg's way to make more eggs." -Robert Anton Wilson
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. " -Gandhi
"As much as I get pissed off by the religious right constantly pushing decency laws and limiting our freedoms, I also have a secret fear. I'm afraid that without their constant political pressure, our world would resemble Second Life." -TheCaptain, SA Forums
"Holding onto anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned." - Buddha
"The problem with people who have no vices is that, generally, you can be sure they’re going to have some pretty annoying virtues." -Elizabeth Taylor
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." -Mark Twain
"Everything popular is wrong." -Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest
"Not knowing how to cook is like not knowing how to fuck." -Robert Rodriguez
"The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously." -Nicholas Butler
"Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young." -Albus Dumbledore
"I have been assured by a very knowing American of my acquaintance in London, that a young healthy child well nursed is at a year old a most delicious, nourishing, and wholesome food, whether stewed, roasted, baked or boiled; and I make no doubt that it will equally serve in a fricassee or a ragout." -Jonathan Swift, A Modest Proposal
"Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon." -Susan Ertz
"Golf is hitting an object to a defined area with the least amount of effort and an alert attitude of indifference." -Moe Norman
"It took me seventeen years to get 3000 hits in baseball. I did it in one afternoon on the golf course." -Hank Aaron
"Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always explaining things to them." -Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince
"Even if I lose, the one who beats me will never get rid of the scars." -Hunter S. Thompson
"Life is a great tragedy to those who feel, and a great comedy to those who think." -Horace Walpole, 4th Earl of Orford
"In regards to meeting potential romantic partners on the internet, just remember: the odds are good, but the goods are odd." - Anonymous, SAForums
"Oh McDonald's, you put the 'semen' in advertisement." -Grimdaddy, SA Forums
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the universe." -Albert Einstein
"If the account given in Genesis is really true, ought we not, after all, to thank this serpent? He was the first schoolmaster, the first advocate of learning, the first enemy of ignorance, the first to whisper in human ears the sacred word liberty, the creator of ambition, the author of modesty, of inquiry, of doubt, of investigation, of progress and of civilization." -Robert G. Ingersoll
"Be good to those who are good, and to those who are not. For goodness spreads goodness." -Lao-Tzu
"If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear." -George Orwell, Animal Farm
"A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools." -Douglas Adams
"Similarly, only people as misanthropic as myself can be counted on not to have to lie to others, since we have the unique luxury of not caring what sort of opinions others formulate about us." -Boyd Rice
"The object of life's journey is not to arrive at the grave safely in a well preserved body, but rather to skid in sideways, totally worn out, shouting, 'Holy Shit, What a Ride!!!'" - Mavis Leyrer
"The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised." -George F. Will
"We've been given life, and we can argue about how, but now that we've got it, the only way to extend it is science." -Danny Boyle
"The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, 'You know, I want to set those people over there on fire but I'm just not close enough to get the job done.'" -George Carlin
"Nothing has such power to broaden the mind as the ability to investigate systematically and truly all that comes under thy observation in life." -Marcus Aurelius
"Take wrong turns. Talk to strangers. Open unmarked doors. And if you see a group of people in a field, go find out what they are doing. Do things without always knowing how they'll turn out." -xkcd
"Build a man a fire, and you keep him warm for a day; set a man on fire, and you keep him warm for the rest of his life." -Terry Pratchett
"It's nice to be important but it's more important to be nice." -Josianne Barnabe
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night." -Steve Martin
"A man can be happy with any woman as long as he does not love her." -Oscar Wilde
"This is a war universe. War all the time. There may be other universes, but ours seems to be based on war and games." -William S. Burroughs
"Maybe this world is another planet's Hell." -Aldous Huxley
"There are two major products that came out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence." -Jeremy S. Anderson
"It is commonly the case with technologies that you can get the best insight about how they work by watching them fail." -Neal Stephenson
"Working computer hardware is like an erect penis: it stays up as long as you don't fuck with it." -Bash Fortune
"He uses statistics as a drunken man uses lamp posts...for support rather than illumination." -Andrew Lang
"Freddy vs. Jason and Aliens vs. Predator are two different kinds of wrong. The former is like watching Jessica Biel take a shower, if Jessica Biel was your cousin: it may be wrong but it's too awesome to turn away. The latter, however, is like watching your grandparents have sex. Sure, you love the characters, but you didn't wanna see them like this." -Captain Controversy, SA Forums
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." -Robert Frost
"Anyone who sees life as anything more than pure entertainment is missing the point." -George Carlin
"It is of great importance in a republic not only to guard the society against the oppression of its rulers, but to guard one part of the society against the injustice of the other part." -Thomas Jefferson
"Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors." -Thomas H. Huxley
"The most merciful thing in the world...is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents." -H.P. Lovecraft
"We are here to unlearn the teachings of the church, state, and our educational system. We are here to drink beer. We are here to kill war. We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us." –Charles Bukowski
"Fairy tales do not tell children that dragons exist. Children already know that dragons exist. Fairy tales tell children that they can be killed." -G.K. Chesterton
"Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." -Descartes
"Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible." -Miguel de Unamuno
"Insanity in individuals is something rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs it is the rule." -Nietzsche
"The secret to a lasting marriage is to be locked into a lifelong battle to the death." -DevilOnYourShoulder, SA Forums
"Objectivists are people who were born on third base but think they hit a triple." -Anonymous, SA Forums
"The first human who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization." -Sigmund Freud
"A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men." -Willy Wonka
"Of all the preposterous assumptions of humanity over humanity, nothing exceeds most of the criticisms made on the habits of the poor by the well-housed, well-warmed, and well-fed." -Herman Melville
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." -Dr. Seuss
"Those who live by the sword get shot by those who do not." -Ben Franklin
"Man will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest." -Denis Diderot
"Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful." -Edward Gibbon
"Zero tolerance isn't about doing the right thing, it's about not having to think." -Randy Cassingham
"I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use." -Galileo Galilei
"The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it." -George Bernard Shaw
"Live a good life. If there are gods and they are just, then they will not care how devout you have been, but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by. If there are gods, but unjust, then you should not want to worship them. If there are no gods, then you will be gone, but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones." -Marcus Aurelius
"You can safely assume that you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do." -Anne Lamott
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." -Robert A. Heinlein
"Ah, women. They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent." -Nietzsche
"The man who doesn't read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them." -Mark Twain
"It is hard to free fools from the chains they revere." -Voltaire
"Jesus forgives sinners, not criminals." -Stephen Colbert
"It's not who votes that counts, it's who counts the votes." -Stalin
"We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light." -Plato
"The music business is a cruel and shallow money trench, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free, and good men die like dogs. There's also a negative side." -Hunter S. Thompson
"Crack is ruining the drug culture." -Hunter S. Thompson
"The agent of reform is not the rebellious slave but the repentant master." -Tom Stoppard
"I have noticed that even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look both ways before crossing the road." -Stephen Hawking
"The only thing that sustains one through life is the consciousness of the immense inferiority of everybody else, and this is a feeling that I have always cultivated." -Oscar Wilde
"You can't lead a horse to water but you can lead a cow to slaughter." -Fragmaster, SA Forums
"He who can lead you to believe an absurdity, can lead you to commit an atrocity." -Voltaire
"Late to bed and late to wake will keep you long on money and short on mistakes." -Aaron McGruder
"It is only the great men who are truly obscene. If they had not dared to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great." -Havelock Ellis
"A bore is a man who deprives you of solitude without providing you with company." -Gian Gravina
"I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth." -Umberto Eco
"An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex." -Aldous Huxley
"One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man." -Elbert Hubbard
"Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff." -Frank Zappa
"If a conservative is a liberal mugged by reality, the tragedy is that the victim was so traumatized by the experience as to be unable to ever face his assailant again." -Scientician, SA Forums
"Nascar racing is a metaphor for conservative politics - artificial celebrities (who are admittedly skilled at what they do) riding nearly identical machines at high speed, jostling each other to see who can be the first back where they started. Lots of people watch with slack-jawed interest; others only care when one of the racers fails spectacularly." -Random Goon, SA Forums
"Almost everything about a human creature is ridiculous, except its ability to suffer bravely and die gallantly for whatever it loves and believes in. The validity of that belief, the appropriateness of that love, is irrelevant; it is the bravery and the gallantry that count. These are uniquely human qualities, independent of mankind's creator, who has none of them himself." -Robert Heinlein; Job, A Comedy of Justice
"Hello babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter. It's round and wet and crowded. At the outside, babies, you've got about a hundred years. There's only one rule I know of--'God damn it, you've got to be kind.'" -Kurt Vonnegut
"How in the hell could a man enjoy being awakened at 6:30 a.m. by an alarm clock, leap out of bed, dress, force-feed, shit, piss, brush teeth and hair, and fight traffic to get to a place where essentially you made lots of money for somebody else and were asked to be grateful for the opportunity to do so?" -Charles Bukowski, Factotum
"We all have the potential to fall in love a thousand times in our lifetime. It's easy. The first girl I ever loved was someone I knew in sixth grade. Her name was Missy; we talked about horses. The last girl I love will be someone I haven't even met yet, probably. They all count. But there are certain people you love who do something else; they define how you classify what love is supposed to feel like. These are the most important people in your life, and you'll meet maybe four or five of these people over the span of 80 years. But there's still one more tier to all this; there is always one person who you love who becomes that definition. It usually happens retrospectively, but it always happens eventually. This is the person who unknowingly sets the template for what you will always love about other people, even if some of those lovable qualities are self-destructive and unreasonable. You will remember having conversations with this person that never actually happened. You will recall sexual trysts with this person that never technically occurred. This is because the individual who embodies your personal definition of love does not really exist. The person is real, and the feelings are real--but you create the context. And context is everything. The person who defines your understanding of love is not inherently different than anyone else, and they're often just the person you happen to meet the first time you really, really want to love someone. But that person still wins. They win, and you lose. Because for the rest of your life, they will control how you feel about everyone else." -Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live
"I will accept any rules that you feel necessary to your freedom. I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them; if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do." -Robert Heinlein, The Moon is a Harsh Mistress
"The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn, like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars." -Jack Kerouac, On the Road
"A woman always has half an onion left over, no matter what the size of the onion, the dish, or the woman." -Terry Pratchett
"You see, when you’re middle class, you have to live with the fact that history will ignore you. You have to live with the fact that history can never champion your causes and that history will never feel sorry for you. It is the price that is paid for day-to-day comfort and silence. And because of this price, all happinesses are sterile; all sadnesses go unpitied." -Douglas Coupland, Generation X
"God does not play dice with the universe; He plays an ineffable game of his own devising, which might be compared, from the perspective of any of the other players, to being involved in an obscure and complex version of poker in a pitch dark room, with blank cards, for infinite stakes, with a dealer who won't tell you the rules, and who smiles all the time." -Terry Pratchett, Good Omens
"The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution." -Bertrand Russell
"The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder." -Alfred Hitchcock
"Did the ten thousand years before thy birth trouble thee? Well no more will the ten thousand after thy death." -Lucifer, Lucifer #16, Vertigo Comics
"If you kill the messenger, in the long run you just get less mail." -Death, Lucifer #26
"Is God willing to prevent evil but not able? Then he is not omnipotent. Is he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent. Is he both able and willing? Then whence cometh evil? Is he neither able nor willing? Then why call him God?" -Epicurus
"There is no such thing as an underestimate of average intelligence." -Henry Adams
"The life of man is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short." -Thomas Hobbes
"I feel the same way about disco as I do about herpes." -Hunter S. Thompson
"A stupid man's report of what a clever man says can never be accurate, because he unconsciously translates what he hears into something he can understand." -Bertrand Russell
"In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act." -George Orwell
"When Renoir spoke of light and dark, he meant the translucent images that pattern themselves into night and day and good and evil. When I speak of light and dark, I mean toast." -Howard Johnson
"Wretched excess is just barely enough." -Shirley Corriher
"People used to sniff potash out of huge industrial dumpsters to forget about how terrible their lives were but now they play videogames and flirt online with elves." -niki hater proof, SA Forums
"Natural ability can almost compensate for the want of every kind of cultivation; but no cultivation of the mind can make up for the want of natural ability." -Schopenhauer
"A government big enough to give you everything you want, is strong enough to take everything you have." -Thomas Jefferson
"Faith means not wanting to know what is true." -Nietzsche
"If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed." -Albert Einstein
"It ain't those parts of the Bible that I can't understand that bother me, it is the parts that I do understand." -Mark Twain
"Religion is an illusion and it derives its strength from the fact that it falls in with our instinctual desires." -Sigmund Freud
"The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one." -George Bernard Shaw
"With or without religion, you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things. But for good people to do evil things, that takes religion." -Richard Jeni
"The opposite of the religious fanatic is not the fanatical atheist but the gentle cynic who cares not whether there is a God or not." -Eric Hoffer
"If I thought the Jews killed God, I'd worship the Jews." -Bill Hicks
"One of the great tragedies of mankind is that morality has been hijacked by religion." -Arthur C. Clarke
"The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good." -Samuel Johnson
"Life's not a bitch, life is a beautiful woman. You only call her a bitch because she won't let you get that pussy." -Aesop Rock
"Life is tough, but it's tougher when you're stupid." -John Wayne
"Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all of those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot." -Carl Sagan
"Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending." -Carl Bard
"Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious." -Oscar Wilde
"A ship in the harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are for." -John Shedd
"There is no reason to assume that the universe has the slightest interest in intelligence - or even in life. Both may be random accidental by-products of its operations like the beautiful patterns on a butterfly's wings. The insect would fly just as well without them." -Unknown
"The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time." -Nietzsche
"Religion gives people bad reasons to be good, where good reasons are actually available." -Unknown
"A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die out, and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it." -Max Planck
"Actually, I do read women's magazines. There's nothing funnier to read on the can or when you're slightly drunk and want a laugh. I mean, they actually believe we FEEL and THINK all that shit? Christ, it's like reading a 400 page manual on how to operate a spoon." -Cyrano4747, SA Forums
"Fortune favors the fool." -Erasmus
"When the gods wish to punish us, they answer our prayers." -Oscar Wilde
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." -Samuel Beckett
"You live, you learn. At any rate, you live." -Douglas Adams
"The ability to quote is a serviceable substitute for wit." -W. Somerset Maugham
"He may be mad, but there's method in his madness. There nearly always is method in madness. It's what drives men mad, being methodical." -GK Chesterton
"If tyranny and opposition come to this land it will be under the guise of fighting a foreign enemy." -James Madison
"Power does not corrupt men; fools, however, if they get into a position of power, corrupt power." -George Bernard Shaw
"If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right. Men will believe what they see." -Henry David Thoreau
"All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone." -Blaise Pascal
"All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his." -Oscar Wilde
"Men play the game. Women know the score." -Roger Woddis
"Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most times he will pick himself up and carry on." -Winston Churchill
"Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth." -Chuck Norris
"Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters." -Victor Hugo
"A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age." -Robert Frost
"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they quit playing." -Oliver Wendell Holmes
"There are three kinds of men. The one who learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves." -Will Rogers
"If there is no struggle, there is no progress. Those who profess to favor freedom, and deprecate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground, they want rain without thunder and lightning." -Frederick Douglass
"Software is like sex: it's better when it's free." -Linus Torvalds
"Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done." -Linus Torvalds
"It doesn't seem to me that this fantastically marvelous universe, this tremendous range of time and space and different kinds of animals, and all the different planets, and all these atoms with all their motions and so on, all this complicated thing can merely be a stage so that God can watch human beings struggle for good and evil - which is the view that religion has. The stage is too big for the drama." -Richard Feynman
"I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain." [Bene Gesserit Litany Against Fear] -Frank Herbert, Dune
"He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past." -George Orwell, 1984
"He wondered, as he had many times wondered before, whether he himself was a lunatic. Perhaps a lunatic was simply a minority of one." -George Orwell, 1984
"Weed gets you through times of no money better than money gets you through times of no weed." -Anonymous
"Good food, good sex, good digestion, good sleep: to these basic animal pleasures, man has added nothing but the good cigarette." -Mignon McLaughlin, The Second Neurotic's Notebook
"A cigarette is the perfect type of a perfect pleasure. It is exquisite, and it leaves one unsatisfied. What more can one want?" -Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray
"Hey, don't blame me for smoking. Blame the corporations for making cancer taste good." -Rae Xanos
"A drug is not bad. A drug is a chemical compound. The problem comes in when people who take drugs treat them like a license to behave like an asshole." -Frank Zappa
"Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power." -P.J. O'Rourke
"Drugs are a bet with the mind." -Jim Morrison
"Drugs have taught an entire generation of kids the metric system." -P.J. O'Rourke
"I think a man ought to get drunk at least twice a year just on principle, so he won't let himself get snotty about it." -Raymond Chandler
"Let me be clear about this. I don't have a drug problem. I have a police problem." -Keith Richards
"There are three side effects of acid. Enhanced long term memory, decreased short term memory, and I forget the third." -Dr. Timothy Leary
"We borrowed gold from Scotland as we borrowed whiskey. Not because it is Scottish, but because it is good." -Horace Hutchinson
"Wine is bottled poetry." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Wine is sunlight, held together by water." -Galileo
"The only people who don't change their minds are either incompetent or dead." -Everett Dirkson
"Mankind have a great aversion to intellectual labor; but even supposing knowledge to be easily attainable, more people would be content to be ignorant than would take even a little trouble to acquire it." -Samuel Johnson
"If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man." -Mark Twain
"Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity." -Hanlon's Razor
"The next best thing to knowing something is knowing where to find it." -Samuel Johnson
"We must question the story logic of having an all-knowing all-powerful God, who creates faulty Humans, and then blames them for his own mistakes." -Gene Roddenberry
"The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike." - Delos B. McKown
"The God of the Old Testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction: jealous and proud of it; a petty, unjust, unforgiving control-freak; a vindictive, bloodthirsty ethnic cleanser; a misogynistic, homophobic, racist, infanticidal, genocidal, filicidal, pestilential, megalomaniacal, sadomasochistic, capriciously malevolent bully." - Richard Dawkins
"Blind faith is an ironic gift to return to the Creator of human intelligence." - Anonymous
"You do not need the Bible to justify love, but no better tool has been invented to justify hate." - Richard A. Weatherwax
"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it." - Mark Twain
"Men rarely (if ever) manage to dream up a God superior to themselves. Most Gods have the manners and morals of a spoiled child." - Robert A Heinlein
"Gods don't kill people. People with Gods kill people." - David Viaene
"Faith does not give you the answers, it just stops you asking the questions." - Frater Ravus
"Gods are fragile things; they may be killed by a whiff of science or a dose of common sense." - Chapman Cohen
"The importance of information is directly proportional to its improbability." -Fundamental Principle of Information Theory
"I'll probably never produce a masterpiece, but so what? I feel I have a Sound aborning, which is my own, and that Sound if erratic is still my greatest pride, because I would rather write like a dancer shaking my ass to boogaloo inside my head, and perhaps reach only readers who like to use books to shake their asses, than to be or write for the man cloistered in a closet somewhere reading Aeschylus while this stupefying world careens crazily past his waxy windows toward its last raving sooty feedback pirouette." -Lester Bangs
"A hero is a goddam stupid thing to have in the first place and a general block to anything you might wanta accomplish on your own." -Lester Bangs
"I'm not saying that all college students are subhuman — I'm just saying that if you aim to spend a few years mastering the art of pomposity, these are places where you can be taught by undisputed experts." -Lester Bangs
"The politics of rock 'n' roll, in England or America or anywhere else, is that a whole lot of kids want to be fried out of their skins by the most scalding propulsion they can find, for a night they can pretend is the rest of their lives, and whether the next day they go back to work in shops or boredom on the dole or American TV doldrums in Mom 'n' Daddy's living room nothing can cancel the reality of that night in the revivifying flames when for once if only then in your life you were blasted out of yourself and the monotony which defines most life anywhere at any time, when you supped on lightning and nothing else in the realms of the living or dead mattered at all." -Lester Bangs
"In America you can ease into middle age with the accoutrements of adolescence still prominent and suffer relatively minor embarrassment: okay, so the guy's still got his sideburns and rod and beer and beergut and wife and three kids and a duplex and never grew up. So what? You're not supposed to grow up in America. You're supposed to consume. But in Britain it seems there is some ideal, no, some dry river one is expected to ford, so you can enter that sedate bubble where you raise a family, contributing in your small way to your society and keep your mouth shut. Until you get old, that is, when you can become an "eccentric" — do and say outrageous things, naughty things, because it's expected of you, you've crossed to the other mirror of the telescope of childhood." -Lester Bangs
"It is a fact that nine-tenths of the HUMAN RACE never have and never will think for themselves, about anything. Whether it's music or Reaganomics, say, almost everybody prefers to sit and wait till somebody who seems to have some kind of authority even if it's seldom too clear just where they got it to come along and inform them one and all what their position on the matter should be. Then they all agree that this is gospel, and gang up to persecute whatever minority might happen to disagree. This is the history of the human race, certainly the history of music." -Lester Bangs
"The significance of man is that he is insignificant and is aware of it." -Carl Becker
"He wrapped himself in quotations- as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors." -Rudyard Kipling
"Too much of anything is bad, but too much whiskey is just enough." -Mark Twain
"You know how they say religion is the opiate of the masses? Well, I took masses of opiates religiously." -Carrie Fisher
"Rogues are preferable to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest." -Alexandre Dumas
"Magic the Gathering is the Calvinball of card games." -ymgve, SA Forums
"Everything is vague to a degree you do not realize till you have tried to make it precise." -Bertrand Russell
"Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops." -Kurt Vonnegut
"You can turn your back on a person, but never turn your back on a drug, especially when it's waving a razor sharp hunting knife in your eye." - Hunter S. Thompson
"It's a strange world. Some people get rich and others eat shit and die." -Hunter S. Thompson
"If you're going to be crazy, you have to get paid for it or else you're going to be locked up." -Hunter S. Thompson
"Our great democracies still tend to think that a stupid man is more likely to be honest than a clever man." -Bertrand Russell
"There is no answer, there never was an answer, there'll never be an answer. That's the answer." -Gertrude Stein
"Americans, while occasionally willing to be serfs, have always been obstinate about being peasantry." -F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
"Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear." -Thomas Jefferson
"We are more ready to try the untried when what we do is inconsequential. Hence the fact that many inventions had their birth as toys." -Eric Hoffer
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." -JFK
"People will judge you based on what you build, not what you destroy." -Barack Obama
"All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." -Edmund Burke
"The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education." -Plutarch
"The mind of a bigot is like the pupil of the eye. The more light you shine on it, the more it will contract." -Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
"When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist." -Dom Helder Camara
"Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it." -George Orwell
"I hope that when I die, people say about me, "Boy, that guy sure owed me a lot money." -Jack Handey
"Misquotation is, in fact, the pride and privilege of the learned. A widely- read man never quotes accurately, for the rather obvious reason that he has read too widely." -Hesketh Pearson
"I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately." -George Carlin
"Two of my favorite things are sitting on my front porch smoking a pipe of sweet hemp, and playing my Hohner harmonica." -Abraham Lincoln
"If the words 'life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness' don't include the right to experiment with your own consciousness, then the Declaration of Independence isn't worth the hemp it was written on." -Terence McKenna
"Censorship is telling a man he can't have a steak just because a baby can't chew it." -Mark Twain
"We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart." -H.L. Mencken
"The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently." -Nietzsche
"Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future." -Niels Bohr
"Progress isn't made by early risers. It's made by lazy men trying to find easier ways to do something. -Robert Heinlein, Time Enough For Love
"Emotions are alien to me. I'm a scientist." -Spock
"Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider that that." -George Carlin
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." -Arthur C. Clarke
"I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve immortality through not dying." -Woody Allen
"If you don't read the news, you're uninformed. If you read the news, you're misinformed." -Mark Twain
"Wars are poor chisels for carving out out a peaceful tomorrow." -Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
"I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve." -Bilbo Baggins
"One who will not reason is a bigot. One who cannot reason is a fool. One who dares not reason is a slave." -William Drummond
"Hell is other people." -Jean-Paul Sartre
"The power of accurate observation is commonly called 'cynicism' by those who haven't got it." -George Bernard Shaw
"The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all of its contents. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity; and it was not meant that we should voyage far." -Francis Wayland Thurston
"I'm not superstitious; I'm just a little stitious." -Michael Scott
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." -Shakespeare
"When you're creating your own shit, man, even the sky ain't the limit." -Miles Davis
"Don't knock masturbation, it's sex with someone I love." -Woody Allen
"It's weird. Day by day nothing seems to change but pretty soon, everything's different." -Calvin & Hobbes
"True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country." -Kurt Vonnegut
"The World is divided into armed camps ready to commit genocide just because we can't agree on whose fairy tales to believe. In the end, Religion will kill us all." -Ed Krebs
"Naturally, the common people don't want war, but they can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. Tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and endangering the country. It works the same in every country." -Herman Goering
"That which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence." -Christopher Hitchens
"Sometimes I think we're alone in the universe and sometimes I think we're not. In either case, the idea is quite staggering." -Arthur C. Clarke
"Inside every cynical person, there is a disappointed idealist." -George Carlin
"The price of apathy towards public affairs is to be ruled by evil men." -Plato
"If the brain were so simple that we could understand it, we would be so simple that we couldn't." -Lyall Watson
"For every prohibition you create, you also create an underground." -Jello Biafra
"Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it." -George Bernard Shaw
"When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares it his duty." -George Bernard Shaw
"I wish I had more friends, but people are such jerks. If you can just get most people to leave you alone, you're doing good. If you can find even one person you really like, you're lucky. And if that person can also stand you, you're really lucky." -Bill Watterson
"Lennox Lewis, I’m coming for you man. My style is impetuous. My defense is impregnable, and I’m just ferocious. I want your heart. I want to eat his children. Praise be to Allah!” -Mike Tyson
"There's nothing I'm afraid of like scared people." -Robert Frost
"Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire." -Fred Shero
"The only way to comprehend what mathematicians mean by infinity is to contemplate the extent of human stupidity." -Voltaire
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle," -Plato
"Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
"The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance." -Socrates
"You'll worry a lot less what people think about you when you realize how little they do." - Mark Twain
"If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind." - John Stuart Mill
"People are bastard coated bastards with bastard fillings." -Dr. Cox, Scrubs
"Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth." -Mike Tyson
"This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness." -H.H. the Dalai Lama
"The greatest tragedy in mankind's entire history may be the hijacking of morality by religion." -Arthur C. Clarke
"The reward of suffering is experience." -Aeschylus
"I'm not convinced that faith can move mountains, but I've seen what it can do to skyscrapers." -William Gascoyne
"My mum user to say to me, 'You can't have fun all the time,' and I used to say, 'Why not?'. Why the fuck can't I have fun all the time?" -Kate Moss
"Everything in this room is eatable. In fact even I am eatable, but that is called canibalism my dear children and is frowned upon in most cultures." -Willy Wonka
"Nothing brings people together more than mutual hatred." -Henry Rollins
"Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again." -C.S. Lewis
"The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt." -Bertrand Russell
"The universe is not only stranger than we imagine, it's stranger than we can imagine." -J.B.S. Haldane
"Be nice, be polite, be friendly, and always have a plan to kill everyone you meet." -Anonymous
"Who so would be man must be nonconformist. A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds. To be great is to be misunderstood. There is a time in every man's education when he arrives at the conviction that envy is ignorance. Insist on yourself and never imitate. To believe your own thought. To believe that what is true for you and your private heart is true for all men. That is genius." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Courage is being scared shitless but saddling up anyway." -John Wayne
"Using Comic Sans is like having bad body odor -- you don't notice it, your friends can't stand it, but nobody is impolite enough to tell you." -Random Redditor
"Pain or damage don't end the world. Or despair, or fucking beatings. The world ends when you're dead. Until then, you got more punishment in store. Stand it like a man...and give some back." -Al Swearengen, Deadwood
"A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything." -Nietzsche
"Shriners are the mounted calvary of the Freemasons." - /dev/nall
"An education isn't how much you have commited to memory, or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you do know and what you don't." -Anatole France
"The most difficult subjects can be explained to the most slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already; but the simplest thing cannot be made clear to the most intelligent man if he is firmly persuaded that he knows already, without a shadow of doubt, what is laid before him." -Tolstoy
"I'm not interested in writing short stories. Anything that doesn't take years of your life and drive you to suicide hardly seems worth doing." -Cormac McCarthy
"There is a reason you don't have Mexican beer cartels planting fields of hops in the California forests." -Bruce Merken, Marijuana Policy Project
"If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play." -John Cleese
"If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did He make them out of meat?" -John Cleese
"There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year old's life: The Lord of the Rings and Atlas Shrugged. One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted, socially crippled adulthood, unable to deal with the real world. The other, of course, involves orcs." -startfragment, reddit.com
"I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country." -Thomas Jefferson
"I have always imagined that paradise will be a kind of library." -Jorge Luis Borge
"A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death." -Martin Luther King Jr.
"One of the universal rules of happiness is: always be wary of any helpful item that weighs less than its operating manual." -Terry Pratchett, Jingo
"He who acts must suffer. We only learn through suffering." -Aeschylus
"Things fall apart, the centre cannot hold. Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world." -W.B. Yeats
"More people are killed every year by pigs than by sharks, which shows you how good people are at evaluating risk." -Bruce Schneier
"The introduction of suitable abstractions is our only mental aid to organize and master complexity." -Edsger W. Dijkstra
"I much prefer the sharpest criticism of a single intelligent man to the thoughtless approval of the masses." -Johannes Kepler
"There's no mystical energy field that controls my destiny." -Han Solo
"Cause it's gonna be the future soon / and I won't always be this way / When the things that make me weak or strange get engineered away." -Jonathan Coulton
"A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion. Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider to be God-fearing and pious." -Aristotle
"There ain't no devil, only God when He's drunk." -Tom Waits
"The first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club." -xkcd
"Authenticity is invaluable; originality is non-existent." -Jim Jarmusch
"It's not where you take things from -- it's where you take them to." -Jean-Luc Godard
"Sports is to war as pornography is to sex. We get to exercise our ancient drives." -Jonathan Haidt
"If you want the truth to stand clear before you, never be for or against. The struggle between 'for' and 'against' is the mind's worst disease." -Sent-ts'an
“It seems to me that our three basic needs, for food and security and love, are so mixed and mingled and intertwined that we cannot straightly think of one without the others. So it happens that when I write of hunger, I am really writing about love and the hunger for it, and warmth and the love of it and the hunger for it … and then the warmth and richness and fine reality of hunger satisfied … and it is all one.” -M.F.K. Fisher
"In war: resolution. In defeat: defiance. In victory: magnanimity. In peace: goodwill." -Winston Churchill
"The worst thing is not that the world is unfree, but that people have unlearned their liberty." -Milan Kundera
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a completely ad-hoc plot device." -David Langford, 'A Gadget Too Far'
"Clarke's First Law: When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states something is impossible, he is very probably wrong." -Arthur C. Clarke
"If 'crepuscular' means 'of or like twilight', can I nominate 'crapuscular' to mean 'of or like Twilight'?" -Drew Nall
"Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck." -Joss Whedon
"As soon as technology advances to the point where we have access to robotic pussy, the amount of bullshit that men will put up with from women is going to drop to zero." -Some Random Reddit Poster
"Debating creationists on the topic of evolution is rather like trying to play chess with a pigeon; it knocks over the pieces, craps on the board, and flies back to its flock to claim victory." -Some Redditor
"There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them." -Bruce Lee
"Sturgeon's Law has a non-obvious implication: if 90% of everything is crap...10% is good. Even country music. Even hip-hop. You just haven't looked." -ctmf on MetaFilter
"The best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter." -Winston Churchill
"Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?" -Douglas Adams, Hitchhiker's Guide
"In a perfect world everything would be either black or white, right or wrong, and everyone would know the difference. But this isn't a perfect world. The problem is people who think it is." -Neil Shusterman, Unwind
"If a grasshopper tries to fight a lawnmower, one may admire his courage but not his judgement." -Robert A. Heinlein, Farnham's Freehold
"There's a fine line between a superpower and a chronic medical condition." -Austin Grossman, Soon I Will Be Invincible
"The modern conservative is engaged in one of man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy; that is, the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness." -John Kenneth Galbraith
"When life gives you SARS, make sarsparilla." -Cory Doctorow
"There are 10^11 stars in the galaxy. That used to be a huge number. But it's only a hundred billion. It's less than the national deficit! We used to call them astronomical numbers. Now we should call them economical numbers." -Richard Feynman
"My problem is that all things are increasingly interesting to me." -William Gibson
"If one morning I walked on top of the water across the Potomac River, the headline that afternoon would read 'President Can't Swim'". -Lyndon B. Johnson
"Religion: It's given people hope in a world torn apart by religion" -Jon Stewart
"Ambition is the willingness to kill the things you love and eat them in order to stay alive." -Jack Donaghy, 30 Rock
"We are bad men living among bad men, and only one thing can calm us -- we must agree to go easy on one another." -Seneca
"If this is going to be a Christian nation that doesn't help the poor, either we have to pretend that Jesus was just as selfish as we are, or we've got to acknowledge that He commanded us to love the poor and serve the needy without condition and then admit that we just don't want to do it." -Stephen Colbert
"Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; begin it well and serenely and with too high a spirit to be cumbered with your old nonsense." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"A great nation is like a great man: When he makes a mistake, he realizes it. Having realized it, he admits it. Having admitted it, he corrects it. He considers those who point out his faults as his most benevolent teachers." -Lao Tzu
"We may have all come on different ships but we're in the same boat now." -MLK
"This is America, where a white Catholic male Republican judge was murdered on his way to greet a Democratic Jewish woman member of Congress, who was his friend. Her life was saved initially by a 20-year old Mexican-American gay college student, and eventually by a Korean-American combat surgeon, all eulogized by our African American President." - Mark Shields, PBS Newshour (in regards to the Jan. 2011 Arizona shootings)
"Particle physics gives me a hadron." -Anon
"There are plenty of good reasons for fighting, but no good reason ever to hate without reservation, to imagine that God Almighty Himself hates with you, too." -Kurt Vonnegut, Mother Night
"Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it. Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many. Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books. Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders. Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations. But after observations and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it." -Buddha, Kalama Sutta
"The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt." -Bertrand Russell
"Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires." -John Steinbeck
"The US budget is like a first grader playing Oregon Trail: Spend all the money on ammunition so you can shoot at stuff, then wonder why your wagon is falling apart and everyone is dying of dysentery." - Malhavoc430 on Reddit
"If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate." -Henry J. Tillman
"The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff and blow, "is to learn something. That's the only thing that never fails. You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then: to learn. Learn why the world wags and what wags it. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting. Learning is the only thing for you. Look what a lot of things there are to learn." -T.H. White
"Every relationship is fundamentally a power struggle, and the individual in power is whoever likes the other person less." -Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs
"Penalties against possession of a drug should not be more damaging to an individual than the use of the drug itself." -Jimmy Carter
"You don't need to be a weatherman to know which way the wind blows." -Bob Dylan
"Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care what I say, I ask, if it matters, that I be forgiven for anything I may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness. Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else may be required to insure any possible benefit for which I may be eligible after the destruction of my body, I ask that this, whatever it may be, be granted or withheld, as the case may be, in such a way as to insure my receiving said benefit. I ask this in my capacity as my elected intermediary between myself and that which might not be myself, but which may have an interest in the matter of my receiving as much of said benefit as it is possible for me to receive of this thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony." - Roger Zelazny, The Agnostic's Prayer
"Saying FOX is the most popular news source is like saying that Coke is the most popular juice." -redditor
"Chun Li: My father saved his village at the cost of his own life. You had him shot as you ran away. A hero at a thousand paces!  Bison: I'm sorry...I don't remember any of it.  Chun Li: You don't remember?  Bison: For you, the day Bison graced your village was the most important day of your life. But for me, it was Tuesday." -Street Fighter Manga
"The wicked are always surprised to find that the good can be clever." -Marquis de Vauvenargues
"The old believe everything; the middle aged suspect everything; the young know everything." -Oscar Wilde
"Compassion to all people, at all times, under all conditions. No exceptions." -Buddhist Saying
"It is often true that one man's vulgarity is another's lyric." -Justice Harlan, Cohen v. California
"Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves." -Confucious
"Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain." -Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller
"Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation." -Oscar Wilde
"Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death, that's all." -William Goldman, The Princess Bride
"It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace." -Chuck Palahniuk
"Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it." -Andre Gide
"No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first and is waiting for it." -Terry Pratchett
"An error does not become truth by reason of multiplied propagation, nor does truth become error because nobody sees it." -Gandhi
"Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everybody I've ever known." -Chuck Palahniuk
"A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything." -Nietzsche
"We judge others by their actions, but we judge ourselves by our intentions." -Ian Percy
"Anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.'" -Isaac Asimov
"Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance." -H.L. Mencken
"The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom." -H.L. Mencken
"Write drunk, edit sober." -Ernest Hemingway
"You should make a point of trying every experience once, excepting incest and folk dancing." -Sir Arnold Bax
"Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes." -Henry David Thoreau
"An 'American Tradition' is anything that happened to a baby boomer twice." -Randall Munroe, xkcd
"A policeman's job is only easy in a police state." -Orson Welles
"The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms." -Socrates
"Tell me what you eat and I will tell you what you are." -Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin
"The fate of a nation depends on the way that they eat." -Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin
"Sex without love is an empty experience, but, as empty experiences go, it's one of the best." -Woody Allen
"Idleness is not doing nothing. Idleness is being free to do anything." -Floyd Dell
"Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm." -Winston Churchill
"Personally, I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught." -Winston Churchill
"Science is not a collection of truths. It is a continuing exploration of mysteries." -Freeman Dyson
"If you can't be kind, at least be vague." -Judith Martin
"Politicians are not born, they are excreted." -Marcus Tullius
"If dandelions were hard to grow they would be welcome on any lawn." -Andrew Mason
"For my part I know nothing with any certainty but the sight of the stars makes me dream." -Vincent Van Gogh
"The truly civilized man is always skeptical and tolerant. His culture is based on 'I am not too sure'." -HL Mencken
"Life is a disease: sexually transmitted and invariably fatal." -Neil Gaiman
"90% of all human wisdom is the ability to mind your own business." -Robert Heinlein
"Every society honors its live conformists and its dead troublemakers." -Mignon McLaughlin
"People who say they sleep like a baby usually don't have one." -Leo J. Burke
"War is God's way of teaching Americans geography." -Ambrose Bierce
"Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it." -Albert Einstein
"The best number for a dinner party is two -- myself and a damn good head waiter." -Nubar Gulbenkian
"Never have children, only grandchildren." -Gore Vidal
"Believe those who seek the truth; doubt those who find it." -Andre Gide
"Women like silent men. They think they are listening." -Marcel Achard
"An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered. An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered." -GK Chesterton
"Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind." -Rudyard Kipling
"Watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you, because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places." -Roald Dahl
"Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies, who like to eat theirs." -PJ O'Rourke
"Never cut what you can untie." -Joseph Joubert
"Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought." -Henri Bergson
"For every complex problem there is a simple solution, and it's wrong." -Umberto Eco
"A lot of good arguments are spoiled by some fool who knows what he is talking about." -Miguel de Unamuno
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." -Leonardo da Vinci
"Computers are like old testament gods: lots of rules and no mercy." -Joseph Campbell
"Politics is for the moment. An equation is for eternity." -Albert Einstein
"A kilt is an unrivaled garment for fornication and diarrhoea." -John Masters
"In those whom I like, I can find no common denominator; in those whom I love, I can: they all make me laugh." -WH Auden
"Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats." -Voltaire
"If you can't explain it to a six-year-old, you don't understand it yourself." -Albert Einstein
"Wit is educated insolence." - Aristotle
"The life of man is of no greater importance to the universe than that of an oyster." -David Hume
"Things need not have happened to be true. Tales and dreams are the shadow-truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes, and forgot." -Dream, Sandman
"I like airplanes. I like anywhere that isn't a proper place. I like in-betweens." -Delirium, Sandman
"When the first living thing existed, I was there waiting. When the last living thing dies, my job will be finished. I'll put the chairs on the tables, turn out the lights, and lock the universe behind me as I leave." -Death, Sandman
"Some things are changeless. People love, and die, they dream, destroy, despair, go mad. They fulfill their destinies, live out the course of their lives. We fulfill our function, as they fulfill theirs. That will not change." -Despair, Sandman
"Sometimes old memories surface, like flotsam on the churning surface of the sea. And then they are gone." -The Corinthian, Sandman
"An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all." -Oscar Wilde
"Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities." -Frank Lloyd Wright
"Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like." -Will Rogers
"After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one's own relations." -Oscar Wilde
"In a closed society where everybody's guilty, the only crime is getting caught. In a world of thieves, the only final sin is stupidity." -Hunter S. Thompson
"Life has become immeasurably better since I have been forced to stop taking it seriously." -Hunter S. Thompson
"We are all alone, born alone, die alone, and -- in spite of True Romance magazines -- we shall all someday look back on our lives and see that, in spite of our company, we were alone the whole way. I do not say lonely -- at least, not all the time -- but essentially, and finally, alone. This is what makes your self-respect so important, and I don't see how you can respect yourself if you must look in the hearts and minds of others for your happiness." -Hunter S. Thompson
"A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance." - Hunter S. Thompson
"It's a damned shame that a field as potentially dynamic and vital as journalism should be overrun with dullards, bums, and hacks, hag-ridden with myopia, apathy, and complacence, and generally stuck in a bog of stagnant mediocrity." -Hunter S. Thompson
"The future is already here. It's just unevenly distributed." -William Gibson
"Cutting libraries in a recession is like cutting hospitals in a plague." -Eleanor Crumblehulme
"You have no obligation to your former self. He is dumber than you and doesn't exist." -Hank Green
"Oddly enough, the overriding sensation I got looking at the Earth was, 'My God, that little thing is so fragile out there.'" -Mike Collins, Apollo 11 Astronaut
"The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge." -Bertrand Russell
"There is not enough time to do all the nothing we want to do." -Bill Watterson
"Happiness is good health and a bad memory." -Ingrid Bergman
"You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then ø to learn. Learn why the world wags and what wags it. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting." Merlyn, The Once and Future King
"Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact." -George Eliot
"Some men just want to see the world learn." -#matt
"There are times in life when people must know when not to let go. Balloons are designed to teach small children this." -Terry Pratchett
"For a brief time I was here, and for a brief time, I mattered." -Harlan Ellison, 1934-2018
